Authenticators endpoint (#73)
cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Example use case of spec-generated Ruby client. 

>   [cybearl/conjur-openapi-spec#12](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec#12](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/12)
```

Author: Already fixed in https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/pull/57/files

### Added
- Example use case of spec-generated Ruby client. 
[cybearl/conjur-openapi-spec#12](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/12)

> - Added the /accounts endpoint to the spec [file](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/pull/73).

Reviewer 2: ```
- Added the `/accounts` endpoint to the spec 
  [cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec#73](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/pull/73).
```

### Added
- Example use case of spec-generated Ruby client. 
[cybearl/conjur-openapi-spec#12](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/12)

> - Added the /accounts endpoint to the spec file
>   [cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec#73](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/pull/73)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the /authenticators endpoint to the spec file
  [cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec#58](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/58)
```
please link to the issue instead of the PR

### Added
- Example use case of spec-generated Ruby client. 
  [cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec#12](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/12)
- The `/whoami` endpoint is now included in the spec. Allows for requesting info about the current client.
  [cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec#56](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/56)
- Authenticator status endpoint is now included in the spec file. Allows checking if certain authenticators are working.
  [cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec#59](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/59)
- `/resources` endpoint now included in the OpenAPI specification.
  [cybeark/conjur-openapi-spec#62](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/issues/62)

> - The `/accounts` endpoint is now included in the spec file. Allows users to check which authenticators are installed and enabled.

Reviewer: is `accounts` the right name here?

Author: It definitely is not. Don't know what I was thinking there
